## API: Update exchange rates (Google Sheets)

The endpoint fetches USD/EUR exchange rates from the NBU API and updates (or inserts) records in the Google Sheets table `exchange_rate`. 

The API is secured with a simple header-based authorization and is deployed on PythonAnywhere as a publicly accessible service.

### Google Sheet with Currency Exchange Rate
currency_exchange_sheet  -> [Link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y2arrQ-c-8lcWLX3873g-3MRxkztCtZJLsxc5DJnULY/edit?usp=sharing)

### Endpoint
POST https://olhaprysiazhna.pythonanywhere.com/rates/update-range

### Headers
X-API-Token -  dev_token

### Query Parameters (optional)
- `update_from` — start date of the period (`yyyy-mm-dd`)
- `update_to` — end date of the period (`yyyy-mm-dd`)

If parameters are not provided, both dates default to the current date.

### Example
POST https://olhaprysiazhna.pythonanywhere.com/rates/update-range?update_from=2023-01-02&update_to=2023-01-08


## Main Insights from the Data

- **80% of total revenue is generated by one manager (Vasya)**  
  This may indicate higher-quality leads or more effective deal closing.  
  → The business should analyze his approach and scale best practices across the team.

- **Low overall conversion rate (~11%).**  
  Major losses occur at early funnel stages.  
  → Review lead quality and first-contact scripts.

- **Olesya shows high activity but low revenue.**  
  Leads may be low quality or deals do not reach closing.  
  → Review pipeline alignment and deal stages.

- **Maxim meets KPI targets but generates no revenue.**  
  KPIs may not correlate with business outcomes.  
  → Revisit KPI definitions and tie them to revenue impact.

- **Sales peak in February 2019.**  
  This may be a seasonal effect or a single large deal.  
  → Further analysis is required to validate patterns and improve forecasting.

- **Revenue per Lead varies significantly across managers.**  
  This may reflect differences in lead quality or sales approach.  
  → Segment leads and standardize lead handling processes.
